refactor: remove ChangeLogSections helper class (#321)
credfeto/changelog-manager: CHANGELOG.md

- SDK - Updated DotNet SDK to 10.0.301
### Deprecated
### Removed

> - Removed ChangeLogSections helper class; section order arrays are now inlined per language in ChangeLogLanguageFactory

Reviewer: **Code Review Finding — Inaccurate CHANGELOG description**

The entry says:

> section order arrays are now inlined per language in ChangeLogLanguageFactory

But commit `dfba0e6e` subsequently extracted a single shared `DefaultSectionOrder` constant that all English-order languages reference — the final code is the *opposite* of 'inlined per language'. A reader using the CHANGELOG to understand what changed will get a misleading picture.

Suggested fix:

```suggestion
- Removed ChangeLogSections helper class; languages that share the English section order now reference a single DefaultSectionOrder constant in ChangeLogLanguageFactory
```

Reviewer: Fixed in ff7860a0 — corrected the CHANGELOG entry to say 'languages that share the English section order now reference a single DefaultSectionOrder constant' instead of the inaccurate 'section order arrays are now inlined per language'
